more and more I see it in me
of course, can not but grieve
Here I am how much I drive I often drive
the streets by car that's all I see
very everyone with everyone I don't know with everyone
year all this is a trend more and more
more it spreads more and more
pronounced becomes ie very
I don't know a lot of people visiting
Caucasus there Armenians Azerbaijanis who are there
yet I do not know but I would not Tajiks
I would say it's minutes to the Caucasus
there are no different kinds of them Chechens I do not know
who is there attack station with yellow numbers
as basically that is, look
human what if the car is expensive well
darling have over 1,000,000 rubles i
I think too expensive car here if he
yellow number but yellow number what is it
is where the region is from yellowish it to
stands out
This then when you if not in this city
as it were spelled out in the city Ostap
left the car registration in this city
I came here accordingly if I'm in
Moscow I live but now I ride in Moscow
I see 77 umbrellas region number and series
they have a different series before or
I need a pequod I have a number before the war and 6
he
and when I lived tech rooms then I'll be there
if you translate into my world it will be in about
006 n if I'm not mistaken everything is correct
sort of said yes and there will be a region 7 7 if
man let's say from Dagestan came to
Moscow let's say I do not know where he bought it
the car is no longer important but behind the arrows
machines put on record Moscow and then
he will be given such a yellow number and
two letters ahead in the thread numbers
of himself
here and of course it upsets me tom
plan that there is no they of course simulation
nobody against not nothing against anyone
not having but the fact that the Russian people are lazy
it is a fact more and more
getting repeat from these
from visitors to which are well on expensive
cars drive obviously that they do not have wealth
little let's say that so they don't
poor people if they have money for
car as it grows more than 1,000,000 rubles
it means a person is not poor from
ironic somehow earn if
machine you put here is Moscow
accordingly, most likely he does not have
affairs here moscow
unscrew up some of course this
another topic where such come from
money rather all some kind of small business
average large no matter here but that
plan that i will repeat that russians
people are lazy squad literally today in
those discussed with my friend whom
sometimes you see in the frame that you write everything
About thin not drunk still he just loves
drink let's say well yes of course yes it's two
a separate topic is his addiction
but one thing nonetheless here he says that
like the Russian people so bring up with
birth there they vaccinate what they need
do nothing there on hope for russian
maybe it began to spend no about mine
not golubkova mm m yes that's when drowned
I am 32 years old I remember it was still in the 90s
years how to be this ad in len cylinder
dove like i did nothing i did money
invested warm earned good getting
there yes mmm pyramid here and here he says
that all these rhythms are all Russian
people again well so bring up what they
type do not want to do anything lazy like
would assume that nothing should be done
here I like I do not even know how
maybe he is part of the rights but still I
I don't know, but how can you not want
have the same expensive car up on
which guests from the Caucasus and the like
people go down as may not want
I want to not everyone wants to
do something lazy about it
if you really really want that under
strain to come up with some kind of one
same business I don't know because
Again, of course on the usual salary
you can not buy yourself but there is only a loan
on this perversion if you get 30 50
thousand to borrow a car for a million
excess rubles is somehow wrong as
least silly you will ride this
cars began to work in the office but how are you
also wrong in general, write
comments put likes subscribe
on the channel bye